Add analyzer comments for Elixir Captains Log (#2094)
exercism/website-copy: analyzer-comments/elixir/captains-log/use_rand_uniform.md

# Use `rand.uniform` instead of `Enum.random`

> Besides learning about random, this exercise aims to teach you about Erlang libraries. Use `:rand.uniform` instead of `Enum.random` in the `format_stardate` function.

Reviewer: In this particular check, I feel like there is a better explanation on why to use `:rand.uniform` than just "to learn Erlang libraries". I think this will become obvious if we try to come up with a solution that uses `Enum.random` and still passes all the tests. `Enum.random` is great for choosing a random integer from a range, but you cannot have a range of floats. There is this unit test for this exercise:

https://github.com/exercism/elixir/blob/main/exercises/concept/captains-log/test/captains_log_test.exs#L86-L95

To make this test pass, one would need to choose a very big random integer and then divide it by something, to get a float with a decimal part. Or even worse, somebody might attempt to define a list of possible floats to choose from...

I would suggest something like this:
```suggestion
Use `:rand.uniform` instead of `Enum.random` in the `format_stardate` function. `:rand.uniform` allows you to generate a random float directly.
```
